# Journal-week-7

## What I learned: November 9- November 13 edition

Is it me, or the weeks coming by are going faster than they seem? In the blink of an eye I went from monday to friday! Anyhow, here it is, the things that I’ve learnt in the last week.
I feel like this week was productive and unproductive...why? Because while the issue got resolved and completed in at least 90%, it was thanks to one of my teammates that my pair-partner and I were able to understand and see the solution to the problem that we had!

The main issue that I worked on was again in the entities of the project, the Bet entity. The issue was about creating this entity, along with the relationship between other entities and its fields.
While the creation of the entity wasn’t a problem, the relationships were a whole new challenge! Yes, I was able to control the relations and get the fields that I needed from one entity to another. The tricky part was when you selected the sport event. If you selected an event, you would expect to see only 2 teams to choose from. The “standard” relationship gave us all of the teams available, but we needed to get the teams of the specific event (I hope I’m making sense). 

Here, we needed the hooks of react, to pull the requested information to the correct place. The params, the props, all of these new commands coming right at me without any notice!
This too came with the continuous usage of the Git commands, such as commit, push, pull, merge, rebase, etc. They’re great tools to use in a team project, but I still don’t get quite a hold of them, and I get scared when doing one of them, the fear of thinking “if I do this, I’ll screw the whole project”. Eliminating this fear will be vital for my own development, and that can just come with practice and keep on reading the articles that help you how to use this tool.

Isaac helped us and guided us in many of the “walls” we crashed. I was astonished to see how easily he managed to resolve the problems that we had! In a similar way, one of my teammates helped us, with great explanations and examples.
This comes with happiness and anger. The happiness is obvious, because the problem was resolved and the project keeps going. The anger part is because many things were solved so easily. Managing to solve it with just 3 lines of code is an ability that I want to develop in the near future. Of course, you can solve the issue with 3 lines….but you need to understand the whole code, so you can say “hey, there’s the problem!”. For my own learnings, I believe that I consolidated well the creation process of the entities, along with the relationships along with other entities. For the Git part, I think I’m getting a better grasp of the commands. No, I’m still way behind this “expertise line”, but I think that I’m getting used to it!

Working as a team was pretty much experimented here. I still have the phrase of the first email ever present in my head: “Be patient with your client and teammates”. It sounds like I may be pointing at one person, but it’s rather a self criticism. I’ve been lucky enough to have this current team, they all are very capable of working in these kinds of environments, and I personally think very high of them. This is the very reason why it’s a self criticism, I don’t think I’m meeting their expectations.
I hate to say it, but I’m nowhere near that level, there’s a lot to study and learn in front of me. It can be a little overwhelming at times, perhaps similar to the feeling I had in one of the past weeks, of not being able to be worthy of the place I currently am. Beware, I’m not saying this as a cry for help, I’m just aware of my current situation, and I actually want to keep going! Nobody said that changing your career path would be easy, and many people have told me that I’m out of my comfort zone...these kinds of comments give me a crazy amount of hope and confidence, that I have so much material to use, so much material to see and learn! The mountain is mighty, and looks mightier when you start at the bottom of it. Then again, there’s a reason why I’m here right? These words have been stuck in my mind too!! It doesn’t matter how good you think you are (and maybe you really are), what matters is how you respond to the unknown. In my case, I have no other choice but to fight! Sorry if this last paragraph sounds like a motivating card, but at the time I wrote it I really felt this.

This would be it from me this week, if you have any question, you know where to find me!
